
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="attributes_and_skills">Attributes and Skills</h1>
<div class="level1">

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Attributes and Skills&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;attributes_and_skills&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:1,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1-36&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="how_good_are_you">How Good Are you?</h2>
<div class="level2">
<div class="table sectionedit3"><table class="inline">
	<tr class="row0">
		<td class="col0">1D </td><td class="col1">Below human average for an attribute or skill. </td><td class="col2"> Avg 3</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row1">
		<td class="col0">2D </td><td class="col1">Untrained human average for an attribute and many skills. Most citizens have 2D in all attributes and skills. </td><td class="col2 rightalign">  6</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row2">
		<td class="col0">3D </td><td class="col1">Average level of training for a human. Big Damn Heroes (like your character) have Attributes around 3D. </td><td class="col2 rightalign">  9</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row3">
		<td class="col0">4D </td><td class="col1">Professional level of training for a human. Some citizens have 4D in several skills. </td><td class="col2 rightalign">  12</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row4">
		<td class="col0">5D </td><td class="col1">Professional with many many years experience. </td><td class="col2 rightalign">  15</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row5">
		<td class="col0">6D </td><td class="col1">Considered about the best in a city or geographic area. About 1 in 100,000 people will have training to this skill level. </td><td class="col2 rightalign">  18</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row6">
		<td class="col0">7D </td><td class="col1">Among the best on a continent. About 1 in 1,000,000 people will have training to this skill level. </td><td class="col2 rightalign">  21</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row7">
		<td class="col0">8D </td><td class="col1">Among the best on a planet. About 1 in 10,000,000 people will have training to this skill level. </td><td class="col2 rightalign">  24</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row8">
		<td class="col0">9D </td><td class="col1">One of the best in several systems. About 1 in a billion will have training to this skill level. </td><td class="col2 rightalign">  27</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row9">
		<td class="col0">10D </td><td class="col1">One of the best in a sector. </td><td class="col2 rightalign">  30</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row10">
		<td class="col0">11D </td><td class="col1">One of the best in a region. </td><td class="col2 rightalign">  33</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row11">
		<td class="col0">12D </td><td class="col1">One of the best in the galaxy. </td><td class="col2 rightalign">  36</td>
	</tr>
</table></div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;table&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;table&quot;,&quot;secid&quot;:3,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;65-1107&quot;} -->
</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;How Good Are you?&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;how_good_are_you&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:2,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;37-1108&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit4" id="dexterity">Dexterity</h2>
<div class="level2">
<div class="table sectionedit5"><table class="inline">
	<thead>
	<tr class="row0">
		<th class="col0 leftalign"> Skill     </th><th class="col1 leftalign"> Time       </th><th class="col2 leftalign"> Specializations         </th><th class="col3"> Description </th>
	</tr>
	</thead>
	<tr class="row1">
		<td class="col0"><strong>Acrobatics</strong> </td><td class="col1">1+ round</td><td class="col2"> Styles, apparatus, terrain </td><td class="col3">Movement; may substitute for Running or Climbing/Jumping or reduce fall damage in gamemaster-approved situations </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row2">
		<td class="col0"><strong>Archaic Guns</strong> </td><td class="col1"> 1 rd </td><td class="col2">Type/model </td><td class="col3">Ranged combat; e.g. flintlocks, muskets, black powder </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row3">
		<td class="col0"><strong>Armor Weapons</strong> </td><td class="col1">1 rd </td><td class="col2">Type/model of weapon </td><td class="col3">Ranged combat; for weapons attached to armor, e.g. blasters, firearms, flamethrowers. Missile weapons are separate. </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row4">
		<td class="col0"><strong>Blaster</strong> </td><td class="col1">1 rd </td><td class="col2">Type/model </td><td class="col3">Ranged combat; e.g. blaster pistol, blaster rifle, repeating blaster; not used for blaster artillery or vehicle blasters </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row5">
		<td class="col0"><strong>Blaster Artillery</strong> </td><td class="col1">1 rd </td><td class="col2">Type/model </td><td class="col3">Ranged combat; e.g. surface-to-air, anti-infantry, anti-vehicle, or model </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row6">
		<td class="col0"><strong>Bowcaster</strong> </td><td class="col1">1 rd </td><td class="col2">None </td><td class="col3">Ranged combat; only works for Wookiee Bowcaster and similar (not for other blasters or crossbows) </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row7">
		<td class="col0"><strong>Bows</strong> </td><td class="col1">1 rd </td><td class="col2">Type/model </td><td class="col3">Ranged combat; e.g. longbow, Tunroth Klirun bow, crossbow (not bowcaster) </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row8">
		<td class="col0"><strong>Brawling Parry</strong> </td><td class="col1">1 rd </td><td class="col2">Style, e.g. martial arts </td><td class="col3">Reaction; used to avoid brawling or melee attack while unarmed or using blaster; +10 to attacker’s roll if armed </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row9">
		<td class="col0"><strong>Dodge</strong> </td><td class="col1">1 rd</td><td class="col2"> Type of attack</td><td class="col3"> Reaction; used to avoid ranged attack, can use as sole action for rest of round (“full dodge”) </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row10">
		<td class="col0"><strong>Firearms</strong> </td><td class="col1">1 rd </td><td class="col2">Type/model </td><td class="col3">Ranged combat; e.g. pistols, rifles, machine guns, slugthrowers, anything with a simple physical projectile.</td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row11">
		<td class="col0"><strong>Flight</strong> </td><td class="col1"> 1+ rd </td><td class="col2"> None </td><td class="col3"> Movement; used by characters/creatures with natural flight ability. Not for jetpacks or powered armor (Mechanical). </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row12">
		<td class="col0"><strong>Grenade</strong> </td><td class="col1">1 rd </td><td class="col2"> Type/model </td><td class="col3">Ranged combat; if miss, roll 1D and see grenade deviation chart in Rules; also covers throwing rocks/balls </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row13">
		<td class="col0"><strong>Lightsaber</strong> </td><td class="col1">1 rd </td><td class="col2">None </td><td class="col3">Melee and reaction skill; if failure/miss by 10+, damage self. Can parry blaster bolts if Lightsaber Combat Force power is up. </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row14">
		<td class="col0"><strong>Melee Combat</strong> </td><td class="col1">1 rd </td><td class="col2">Type/model</td><td class="col3"> Melee attack; includes impromptu weapons but not natural claws/teeth </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row15">
		<td class="col0"> <strong>Melee Parry</strong> </td><td class="col1">1 rd </td><td class="col2">Weapon held or attacked</td><td class="col3"> Used to avoid brawling or melee attack if defender is holding a melee weapon; +5 to use vs unarmed attacker </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row16">
		<td class="col0"><strong>Missile Weapons</strong> </td><td class="col1">1 rd </td><td class="col2">Type/model </td><td class="col3">Ranged combat; for missile/grenade launchers, grappling hooks, net guns, snare guns </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row17">
		<td class="col0"><strong>Pick Pocket</strong> </td><td class="col1">1 rd </td><td class="col2">None </td><td class="col3"> Opposed vs Perception/Search:<br/>
<strong>Target bonus:</strong> +10 if very small crowd or on guard, +5 if light crowd or few distractions<br/>
<strong>Operator bonus:</strong> +10 if congested crowd or major distraction, +5 if crowded, dark, or minor distraction<br/>
<strong>Success:</strong> 21+: won’t notice, 16-20: notice after 1 min, 11-15: 3 rd, 6-10: 2 rd, 0-5: object snagged or still held<br/>
<strong>Fail:</strong> 1-5: target notices and can react next round; 6+: target notices immediately Running 1+ rd Distance, terrain Movement on foot; free action for moving ≤1 Move in VE/E/Mod terrain. See Movement table </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row18">
		<td class="col0"><strong>Thrown Weapons</strong> </td><td class="col1">1 rd </td><td class="col2">Type/model </td><td class="col3">Ranged combat; e.g. throwing knives, sling, spear </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row19">
		<td class="col0"><strong>Vehicle Blasters</strong> </td><td class="col1">1 rd </td><td class="col2">Type/model </td><td class="col3">Ranged combat; used to fire speeder- or walker-mounted blaster cannons or starship-mounted speeder-scale </td>
	</tr>
</table></div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;table&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;table1&quot;,&quot;secid&quot;:5,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1129-4260&quot;} -->
</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Dexterity&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;dexterity&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:4,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1109-&quot;} -->